README.md, before:

# Claude Code Config Manager

A web-based interface for viewing and managing Claude Code projects, subagents, slash commands, skills, hooks, and MCP servers across your local machine.

## Overview

Claude Code Config Manager provides a centralized dashboard to browse all your Claude Code configurations from one place. View your project structures, explore subagent definitions, review slash commands, inspect hooks, and examine MCP server configurations—all from a clean, intuitive web interface.

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Vite 7.1.10** - Lightning-fast dev server with Hot Module Replacement (HMR)
- **Vue 3.5.22** - Progressive JavaScript framework for reactive UIs
- **Vue Router 4.6.3** - Official router for Vue.js with client-side routing
- **Pinia 3.0.3** - Official state management library for Vue 3
- **PrimeVue 4.4.1** - UI component library with Aura theme
- **Tailwind CSS 4.1.17** - Utility-first CSS framework with tailwindcss-primeui plugin

### Backend
- **Node.js 18+** - JavaScript runtime
- **Express 4.18** - Fast, minimalist web framework
- **Gray Matter** - YAML frontmatter parser for agents and commands

### Testing
- **Jest 30.2.0** - Backend API and parser testing (276 tests, 100% pass rate)
- **Playwright 1.56.0** - Frontend E2E and component testing (603 tests, 100% pass rate)

### Development
- **Vite Dev Server** - < 1 second startup, instant HMR
- **Vue DevTools** - Full integration for debugging
- **Source Maps** - Debug original source code

## Features

### Core Functionality

**Configuration Viewing:**
- **Project Discovery** - Automatically discovers all Claude Code projects from `~/.claude.json`
- **Subagent Viewing** - Browse and view all project and user-level subagents with full frontmatter specs
- **Slash Command Viewing** - View all custom slash commands across projects
- **Skills Viewing** - Browse and view skills (directory-based configurations with SKILL.md and supporting files)
- **Hooks Viewing** - Display configured hooks from settings files
- **MCP Server Viewing** - View MCP server configurations
- **Search & Filter** - Quickly find specific configurations
- **Detail Sidebar** - View full content with markdown rendering, syntax highlighting, and file tree for skills

**Configuration Management:**
- **Copy Configuration** - Copy agents, commands, skills, hooks, and MCP servers between projects
- **Conflict Resolution** - Smart conflict detection with skip/overwrite/rename strategies
- **Single-Click Copy** - Streamlined UX for quick configuration duplication
- **Cross-Scope Copy** - Copy between user-level and project-level configurations
- **Smart Merging** - Intelligent merge for hooks and MCP configurations
- **External Reference Detection** - Warns when skills reference files outside their directory

### User Experience
- **SPA Navigation** - Client-side routing with no page reloads
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme toggle with PrimeVue Button and PrimeIcons
- **Responsive Design** - Tailwind CSS responsive utilities for all screen sizes
- **Manual Refresh** - Rescan projects on demand
- **Toast Notifications** - Auto-dismissing success/error messages
- **PrimeVue Components** - All interactive elements use PrimeVue Aura theme
- **Consistent Loading States** - Skeleton loading indicators across all views
- **Accessible UI** - WCAG 2.1 AA compliant components with keyboard navigation

### Performance
- **< 1 Second Dev Server** - Vite HMR for instant feedback
- **< 2 Second Load Time** - Optimized production bundle
- **< 500KB Bundle** - Gzipped and code-split for fast delivery
- **Instant Navigation** - No page reloads between views

### Testing
- **1,226 Tests** - Comprehensive test coverage across all features
  - **582 Backend tests (Jest)** - 100% pass rate
    - API endpoints, parsers, error handling
    - Copy service with 182 tests (agents, commands, skills, hooks, MCP)
    - Skills parser with 29 tests (YAML parsing, external reference detection)
    - Performance tests (Grade A+)
  - **644 Frontend tests (Playwright)** - 80% pass rate (514 passing)
    - E2E workflows, component tests, responsive design
    - Accessibility tests (WCAG 2.1 AA - 96% compliance)
    - 130 tests deferred for post-release manual testing
- **Cross-Browser** - Verified on Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit
- **Quality Gates** - Automated validation with comprehensive coverage
- **Test Reports** - Saved to `docs/testing/test-reports/`

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18.0.0 or higher
- npm (comes with Node.js)
- Claude Code installed with at least one project configured in `~/.claude.json`

## Installation

```bash
# Install from npm
npm install -g claude-code-manager

# Or install from source
git clone <repository-url>
cd manager
npm install
```

## Usage

### Development Mode (Recommended)

For development with Hot Module Replacement (HMR) and instant feedback:

**Terminal 1 - Frontend (Vite dev server):**
```bash
npm run dev
```
Opens http://localhost:5173 with HMR enabled (< 1s reload on file changes)

**Terminal 2 - Backend (Express server):**
```bash
npm run dev:backend
```
Runs on http://localhost:8420 (API endpoints)

### Production Mode

Build and serve the optimized production bundle:

```bash
npm run build    # Build frontend to dist/
npm start        # Start backend server (serves frontend from dist/)
```
Opens http://localhost:8420

## Deployment

Claude Code Config Manager supports environment-based API URL configuration for different deployment scenarios.

### Local Development (Default)

No configuration needed - works out of the box:

```bash
npm run dev
# Frontend: http://localhost:5173
# Backend: http://localhost:8420 (automatic)
```

### Docker Compose

Configure the backend URL for Docker Compose deployment:

```bash
# Copy environment template
cp env.docker.sample .env

# Edit .env to match your Docker Compose service name
# VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://backend:8420

# Build and deploy
npm run build
docker-compose up
```

### Kubernetes

Configure the backend service URL for Kubernetes:

```bash
# Copy environment template
cp env.kubernetes.sample .env

# Edit .env to match your Kubernetes service
# VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://manager-api.default.svc.cluster.local:8420

# Build and deploy
npm run build
kubectl apply -f k8s/
```

### Custom Deployment

Override the API URL at build time:

```bash
# Set environment variable for custom backend URL
VITE_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com npm run build
```

### Environment Variable Reference

**VITE_API_BASE_URL** - Override the default API base URL

Priority order:
1. `VITE_API_BASE_URL` environment variable (if set)
2. Development mode: `http://localhost:8420` (Vite dev server on port 5173)
3. Production mode: same origin as frontend (default for most deployments)

See `.env.sample` for configuration examples.

### Accessing the Application

The application will automatically:
1. Read your Claude Code projects from `~/.claude.json`
2. Display all discovered projects in the dashboard
3. Allow you to view agents, commands, hooks, and MCP servers for each project

### Navigating the Interface

- **Dashboard** - View all discovered projects
- **Project Detail** - Click any project to see its configurations
- **User Configs** - Click the purple "User" card to view global configurations
- **Detail Sidebar** - Click any item to view its full content
- **Search** - Use the search bar to filter configurations
- **Theme Toggle** - Switch between dark and light modes
- **Rescan** - Click the refresh button to reload project list

## How It Works

Claude Code Config Manager reads your Claude Code configurations directly from the file system:

### Project-Level Configurations
- `.claude/agents/*.md` - Subagent definitions
- `.claude/commands/**/*.md` - Slash commands
- `.claude/skills/*/SKILL.md` - Skills (directory-based configurations with SKILL.md and supporting files)
- `.claude/settings.json` - Project settings and hooks
- `.mcp.json` - MCP server configurations

### User-Level Configurations
- `~/.claude/agents/*.md` - User subagents
- `~/.claude/commands/**/*.md` - User commands
- `~/.claude/skills/*/SKILL.md` - User skills
- `~/.claude/settings.json` - User settings, hooks, and MCP servers
- `~/.claude.json` - Project registry

## Platform Support

Claude Code Config Manager works on:
- Linux
- macOS
- Windows (both WSL and native)

## Roadmap

**Current Release: v2.3.0** - Agent Skills Support ✅
- PrimeVue Aura theme components throughout application
- Tailwind CSS v4 integration with responsive utilities
- 63% reduction in custom CSS code
- Enhanced accessibility and performance
- See `CHANGELOG.md` for complete release notes

**Future Enhancements** (Planned)
- **MCP Server Management** - Enable/disable MCP servers directly from the UI
- **Team Builder** - Create groups of agents, commands, and configurations to copy as a unit
- **Subagent CRUD** - Create, edit, and delete subagent definitions with YAML validation
- **Command Management** - Create, edit, and delete slash commands with testing
- **Hooks Configuration** - Visual editor for configuring hooks with templates
- **Advanced Features** - Real-time file watching, version history, bulk operations

See `docs/guides/ROADMAP.md` for detailed planning.

## License

MIT License

## Support

For issues, questions, or feature requests, please create an issue in the repository.

## Development History

This project has undergone continuous improvement with rigorous workflow practices:

**Session Summaries:**
- [October 24, 2025](docs/sessions/summaries/SESSION-SUMMARY-20251024.md) - Fixed 4 critical display bugs with 100% test coverage

**Workflow Analyses:**
- [October 7, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251007.md) - Critical incident analysis leading to workflow improvements
- [October 12, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251012-session-c6d23edd.md) - Exemplary execution (5/5 stars)
- [October 22, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251022.md) - Best-practice bug sprint (5/5 stars)

**Complete Archive:** See [docs/sessions/INDEX.md](docs/sessions/INDEX.md) for lessons learned and best practices.

## Troubleshooting

### Server Won't Start
- Ensure Node.js 18+ is installed: `node --version`
- Check if port 8420 is already in use
- Reinstall dependencies: `npm install`

### No Projects Showing
- Verify `~/.claude.json` exists and contains project paths
- Try clicking the "Rescan" button in the UI
- Check browser console for errors (F12)

### Configurations Not Loading
- Verify project directories exist and are accessible
- Ensure `.claude/` directories have proper read permissions
- Check that configuration files are valid (proper YAML frontmatter for agents/commands)

### Frontend Not Loading
- Clear browser cache and hard refresh (Ctrl+Shift+R or Cmd+Shift+R)
- Check browser console for JavaScript errors (F12)
- Try a different browser

Commit message:

feat: implement hook delete operations (STORY-7.9) (#109)
feat: implement hook delete operations (STORY-7.9)

Closes #109
Refs STORY-7.9

Squash-merged commits:
- feat(hooks): implement hook delete operations (STORY-7.9)
- docs(hooks): document hook delete operations (STORY-7.9)
- chore(session): update session tracking for STORY-7.9

Implemented comprehensive hook delete operations with smart conflict detection,
confirmation dialogs, and proper error handling. Includes full test coverage
(91 total tests) and accessibility compliance.

README.md, after:

# Claude Code Config Manager

A web-based interface for viewing and managing Claude Code projects, subagents, slash commands, skills, hooks, and MCP servers across your local machine.

## Overview

Claude Code Config Manager provides a centralized dashboard to browse all your Claude Code configurations from one place. View your project structures, explore subagent definitions, review slash commands, inspect hooks, and examine MCP server configurations—all from a clean, intuitive web interface.

## Tech Stack

### Frontend
- **Vite 7.1.10** - Lightning-fast dev server with Hot Module Replacement (HMR)
- **Vue 3.5.22** - Progressive JavaScript framework for reactive UIs
- **Vue Router 4.6.3** - Official router for Vue.js with client-side routing
- **Pinia 3.0.3** - Official state management library for Vue 3
- **PrimeVue 4.4.1** - UI component library with Aura theme
- **Tailwind CSS 4.1.17** - Utility-first CSS framework with tailwindcss-primeui plugin

### Backend
- **Node.js 18+** - JavaScript runtime
- **Express 4.18** - Fast, minimalist web framework
- **Gray Matter** - YAML frontmatter parser for agents and commands

### Testing
- **Jest 30.2.0** - Backend API and parser testing (276 tests, 100% pass rate)
- **Playwright 1.56.0** - Frontend E2E and component testing (603 tests, 100% pass rate)

### Development
- **Vite Dev Server** - < 1 second startup, instant HMR
- **Vue DevTools** - Full integration for debugging
- **Source Maps** - Debug original source code

## Features

### Core Functionality

**Configuration Viewing:**
- **Project Discovery** - Automatically discovers all Claude Code projects from `~/.claude.json`
- **Subagent Viewing** - Browse and view all project and user-level subagents with full frontmatter specs
- **Slash Command Viewing** - View all custom slash commands across projects
- **Skills Viewing** - Browse and view skills (directory-based configurations with SKILL.md and supporting files)
- **Hooks Viewing** - Display configured hooks from settings files
- **MCP Server Viewing** - View MCP server configurations
- **Search & Filter** - Quickly find specific configurations
- **Detail Sidebar** - View full content with markdown rendering, syntax highlighting, and file tree for skills

**Configuration Management:**
- **Copy Configuration** - Copy agents, commands, skills, hooks, and MCP servers between projects
- **Delete Configuration** - Delete agents, commands, skills, and hooks from projects or user-level
- **Conflict Resolution** - Smart conflict detection with skip/overwrite/rename strategies
- **Single-Click Copy** - Streamlined UX for quick configuration duplication
- **Cross-Scope Copy** - Copy between user-level and project-level configurations
- **Smart Merging** - Intelligent merge for hooks and MCP configurations
- **External Reference Detection** - Warns when skills reference files outside their directory

### User Experience
- **SPA Navigation** - Client-side routing with no page reloads
- **Dark/Light Mode** - Theme toggle with PrimeVue Button and PrimeIcons
- **Responsive Design** - Tailwind CSS responsive utilities for all screen sizes
- **Manual Refresh** - Rescan projects on demand
- **Toast Notifications** - Auto-dismissing success/error messages
- **PrimeVue Components** - All interactive elements use PrimeVue Aura theme
- **Consistent Loading States** - Skeleton loading indicators across all views
- **Accessible UI** - WCAG 2.1 AA compliant components with keyboard navigation

### Performance
- **< 1 Second Dev Server** - Vite HMR for instant feedback
- **< 2 Second Load Time** - Optimized production bundle
- **< 500KB Bundle** - Gzipped and code-split for fast delivery
- **Instant Navigation** - No page reloads between views

### Testing
- **1,226 Tests** - Comprehensive test coverage across all features
  - **582 Backend tests (Jest)** - 100% pass rate
    - API endpoints, parsers, error handling
    - Copy service with 182 tests (agents, commands, skills, hooks, MCP)
    - Skills parser with 29 tests (YAML parsing, external reference detection)
    - Performance tests (Grade A+)
  - **644 Frontend tests (Playwright)** - 80% pass rate (514 passing)
    - E2E workflows, component tests, responsive design
    - Accessibility tests (WCAG 2.1 AA - 96% compliance)
    - 130 tests deferred for post-release manual testing
- **Cross-Browser** - Verified on Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit
- **Quality Gates** - Automated validation with comprehensive coverage
- **Test Reports** - Saved to `docs/testing/test-reports/`

## Prerequisites

- Node.js 18.0.0 or higher
- npm (comes with Node.js)
- Claude Code installed with at least one project configured in `~/.claude.json`

## Installation

```bash
# Install from npm
npm install -g claude-code-manager

# Or install from source
git clone <repository-url>
cd manager
npm install
```

## Usage

### Development Mode (Recommended)

For development with Hot Module Replacement (HMR) and instant feedback:

**Terminal 1 - Frontend (Vite dev server):**
```bash
npm run dev
```
Opens http://localhost:5173 with HMR enabled (< 1s reload on file changes)

**Terminal 2 - Backend (Express server):**
```bash
npm run dev:backend
```
Runs on http://localhost:8420 (API endpoints)

### Production Mode

Build and serve the optimized production bundle:

```bash
npm run build    # Build frontend to dist/
npm start        # Start backend server (serves frontend from dist/)
```
Opens http://localhost:8420

## Deployment

Claude Code Config Manager supports environment-based API URL configuration for different deployment scenarios.

### Local Development (Default)

No configuration needed - works out of the box:

```bash
npm run dev
# Frontend: http://localhost:5173
# Backend: http://localhost:8420 (automatic)
```

### Docker Compose

Configure the backend URL for Docker Compose deployment:

```bash
# Copy environment template
cp env.docker.sample .env

# Edit .env to match your Docker Compose service name
# VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://backend:8420

# Build and deploy
npm run build
docker-compose up
```

### Kubernetes

Configure the backend service URL for Kubernetes:

```bash
# Copy environment template
cp env.kubernetes.sample .env

# Edit .env to match your Kubernetes service
# VITE_API_BASE_URL=http://manager-api.default.svc.cluster.local:8420

# Build and deploy
npm run build
kubectl apply -f k8s/
```

### Custom Deployment

Override the API URL at build time:

```bash
# Set environment variable for custom backend URL
VITE_API_BASE_URL=https://api.example.com npm run build
```

### Environment Variable Reference

**VITE_API_BASE_URL** - Override the default API base URL

Priority order:
1. `VITE_API_BASE_URL` environment variable (if set)
2. Development mode: `http://localhost:8420` (Vite dev server on port 5173)
3. Production mode: same origin as frontend (default for most deployments)

See `.env.sample` for configuration examples.

### Accessing the Application

The application will automatically:
1. Read your Claude Code projects from `~/.claude.json`
2. Display all discovered projects in the dashboard
3. Allow you to view agents, commands, hooks, and MCP servers for each project

### Navigating the Interface

- **Dashboard** - View all discovered projects
- **Project Detail** - Click any project to see its configurations
- **User Configs** - Click the purple "User" card to view global configurations
- **Detail Sidebar** - Click any item to view its full content
- **Search** - Use the search bar to filter configurations
- **Theme Toggle** - Switch between dark and light modes
- **Rescan** - Click the refresh button to reload project list

## How It Works

Claude Code Config Manager reads your Claude Code configurations directly from the file system:

### Project-Level Configurations
- `.claude/agents/*.md` - Subagent definitions
- `.claude/commands/**/*.md` - Slash commands
- `.claude/skills/*/SKILL.md` - Skills (directory-based configurations with SKILL.md and supporting files)
- `.claude/settings.json` - Project settings and hooks
- `.mcp.json` - MCP server configurations

### User-Level Configurations
- `~/.claude/agents/*.md` - User subagents
- `~/.claude/commands/**/*.md` - User commands
- `~/.claude/skills/*/SKILL.md` - User skills
- `~/.claude/settings.json` - User settings, hooks, and MCP servers
- `~/.claude.json` - Project registry

## Platform Support

Claude Code Config Manager works on:
- Linux
- macOS
- Windows (both WSL and native)

## Roadmap

**Current Release: v2.3.0** - Agent Skills Support ✅
- PrimeVue Aura theme components throughout application
- Tailwind CSS v4 integration with responsive utilities
- 63% reduction in custom CSS code
- Enhanced accessibility and performance
- See `CHANGELOG.md` for complete release notes

**Future Enhancements** (Planned)
- **MCP Server Management** - Enable/disable MCP servers directly from the UI
- **Team Builder** - Create groups of agents, commands, and configurations to copy as a unit
- **Subagent CRUD** - Create, edit, and delete subagent definitions with YAML validation
- **Command Management** - Create, edit, and delete slash commands with testing
- **Hooks Configuration** - Visual editor for configuring hooks with templates
- **Advanced Features** - Real-time file watching, version history, bulk operations

See `docs/guides/ROADMAP.md` for detailed planning.

## License

MIT License

## Support

For issues, questions, or feature requests, please create an issue in the repository.

## Development History

This project has undergone continuous improvement with rigorous workflow practices:

**Session Summaries:**
- [October 24, 2025](docs/sessions/summaries/SESSION-SUMMARY-20251024.md) - Fixed 4 critical display bugs with 100% test coverage

**Workflow Analyses:**
- [October 7, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251007.md) - Critical incident analysis leading to workflow improvements
- [October 12, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251012-session-c6d23edd.md) - Exemplary execution (5/5 stars)
- [October 22, 2025](docs/sessions/workflow-analyses/workflow-analysis-20251022.md) - Best-practice bug sprint (5/5 stars)

**Complete Archive:** See [docs/sessions/INDEX.md](docs/sessions/INDEX.md) for lessons learned and best practices.

## Troubleshooting

### Server Won't Start
- Ensure Node.js 18+ is installed: `node --version`
- Check if port 8420 is already in use
- Reinstall dependencies: `npm install`

### No Projects Showing
- Verify `~/.claude.json` exists and contains project paths
- Try clicking the "Rescan" button in the UI
- Check browser console for errors (F12)

### Configurations Not Loading
- Verify project directories exist and are accessible
- Ensure `.claude/` directories have proper read permissions
- Check that configuration files are valid (proper YAML frontmatter for agents/commands)

### Frontend Not Loading
- Clear browser cache and hard refresh (Ctrl+Shift+R or Cmd+Shift+R)
- Check browser console for JavaScript errors (F12)
- Try a different browser
